suggested mappings [DOC-993] (#7008)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/reverse-etl/setup.md

To add multiple mappings from your warehouse to your destination, repeat steps 1-13 above.

### Suggested mappings

> info ""
> Suggested mappings is fully available for RETL mappings, and is in public beta for event streams and connections. 

> Segment offers suggested mappings that automatically propose relevant destination fields for both model columns and payload elements. For example, if your model includes a column or payload field named `transaction_amount`, the feature might suggest mapping it to a destination field like `Amount` or `TransactionValue`. This automation, powered by intelligent autocompletion, matches and identifies near-matching field names to streamline the setup. For more information, see [Segment's suggested mappings blogpost](https://segment.com/blog/ai-assisted-magical-mappings/) and the [Suggested Mappings Nutrition Label](/docs/connections/reverse-etl/suggested-mappings-nutrition-facts). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment offers suggested mappings that automatically propose relevant destination fields for both model columns and payload elements. For example, if your model includes a column or payload field named `transaction_amount`, the feature might suggest mapping it to a destination field like `Amount` or `TransactionValue`. This automation, powered by intelligent autocompletion, matches and identifies near-matching field names to streamline the setup. For more information, see [Segment's suggested mappings blogpost](https://segment.com/blog/ai-assisted-magical-mappings/){:target="_blank”} and the [Suggested Mappings Nutrition Label](/docs/connections/reverse-etl/suggested-mappings-nutrition-facts). 
```

> warning ""

> > Make sure to review the suggested mappings for accuracy before finalizing as the suggestions aren't guaranteed to be 100% accurate. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Review the suggested mappings for accuracy before finalizing them as the suggestions aren't guaranteed to be 100% accurate. 
```

4. Click the **Settings** tab to edit the model name or change the schedule settings.

### Suggested mappings

> info ""
> Suggested mappings is fully available for RETL mappings. 

> Segment offers suggested mappings that automatically propose relevant destination fields for both model columns and payload elements. For example, if your model includes a column or payload field named `transaction_amount`, the feature might suggest mapping it to a destination field like `Amount` or `TransactionValue`. This automation, powered by intelligent autocompletion, matches and identifies near-matching field names to streamline the setup. For more information, see [Segment's suggested mappings blogpost](https://segment.com/blog/ai-assisted-magical-mappings/){:target="_blank”} and the [Suggested Mappings Nutrition Label](/docs/connections/reverse-etl/suggested-mappings-nutrition-facts). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment offers suggested mappings that automatically propose relevant destination fields for model columns and payload elements. For example, if your model includes a column or payload field named `transaction_amount`, the feature might suggest mapping it to a destination field like `Amount` or `TransactionValue`. This automation, powered by intelligent autocompletion, matches and identifies near-matching field names to streamline the mappings setup process. For more information, see [Segment's suggested mappings blog post](https://segment.com/blog/ai-assisted-magical-mappings/){:target="_blank”} and the [Suggested Mappings Nutrition Facts Label](/docs/connections/reverse-etl/suggested-mappings-nutrition-facts). 
```

> warning ""

> > Review the suggested mappings for accuracy before finalizing them as the suggestions aren't guaranteed to be 100% accurate. 

Reviewer: Would something like "Segment can't guarantee all of the suggested mappings are accurate" instead of "the suggestions aren't guaranteed to be 100% accurate" be clearer here?

```suggestion
> Review the suggested mappings for accuracy before finalizing them as the suggestions aren't guaranteed to be 100% accurate. 
```
